---
title: Santa Claus
description: "A PhD Christmas dream. "
pubDate: 2025-11-22T16:54:00.000-08:00
category: story
tags:
  - choice
  - holidays
  - stupidity
---
I used to have a superstitious belief that some vague abstraction of sorts--not ME-- was responsible for where I happened to be at a particular moment in life. "They created this feeling in me"--anger or self-pity or whatever. And you believe that a rush of emotion which compels you to act in a certain way IS you! That, in a sense, you "have no choice" but to do x.  But you DO have a choice, and you know it, just like I knew it all along! You deny it and pretend that you can't imagine any alternative to the behavior you just performed; and because you can't imagine it, it can't possibly be true! You look everywhere for evidence to dissolve this outlandish idea of being 100% in control of yourself 100% of the time. But then you notice that I'm staring directly at your hand in the cookie jar. "I tripped and it just landed in there," as I see the jar above your head. But "who am I to ask you about your cookie business," so I begin to simply rub you the wrong way. You find my thinking crude, arrogant. It's the uncompromising tone of my statements--that's what you don't like! You're desperate to find the gray area, some compromise somewhere, anywhere; because the absolute nature of what I'm suggesting--that you are 100% free to do and become anything you want--is tantamount to death! 

That illusion got torched when I was around 22. When I say torched, I mean that it was like when you wake up from a dream and you slap yourself to be 100% sure it was only a dream (i'm not sure why you slap yourself, as if slapping counts as evidence of awakeness! You could just as easily dream that you slapped yourself, did you know that? And in a dream, you could--and absolutely should!--slap yourself multiple times for more evidence of awakeness). Admit the truth--you really don't know if you were standing in front of the auditorium delivering your dissertation to those frowning, crooked-mouthed faces. But you could clearly see and experience their outrage toward you, couldn't you? They were in a state of stunned disbelief over the babbling animal sounds being generated from your tongue flailing around like an insane wheel. And deep down, you sense that their anger toward you is justified--decorum bound them, held them captive against their will, as they were forced to endure the stupidity being spewed all over their bewildered faces. 

In the first or second year of your PhD, you were somehow able to catch yourself before you went out the door with no pants. Your luck ran out this time, didn't it? Everyone in the audience SHOULD understand, since they were once in your shoes. But you forgot those too! And now your ankle-high black socks are revealed, which look extra ridiculous next to your white Fruit of the Looms. Here's the truth: forgetting your pants IS totally understandable, and everyone laughing at you DOES understand. All of them forgot their pants at least once, just like you did today! But that is irrelevant, because that was a time OTHER THAN today. All that matters is that right now, those are YOUR socks they're not standing in and THEIR chair your ass isn't sitting in. 

Consider this: maybe in the dream, a part of you knows you are only dreaming. That putatively-awake part is not enjoying this dream, so it says "wake up and take a pee, so you can go back to bed and try another dream, a better dream." You waddle over to the toilet wearing your stupid underwear and thin black socks, still unable to shake the residual feelings of humiliation or get the laughs out of your ears as you hunch over the toilet for the last couple of dribbles.  

Think back to when you were little. At some point your parents told you that Santa Claus was not real, but were you instantly convinced? I hope you were not, because it would be stupid of you to trust the words of people who just admitted they've been lying to you for years! No, if you're like me you said nothing. You went back to your room to investigate this situation. Methodically, you put the pieces together, and eventually, you came to accept the fact that your parents and everyone else was knowingly deceiving you. And not only that--they all laughed about it behind your back, thinking it was cute! The pieces came together in rational sequence of steps until it the complete picture came into focus and the situation made complete sense to you. Once it made sense, and you ADMITTED to yourself that it made sense--THAT is the pivotal moment when things started to change. You found yourself no longer amused by the little game every year, all the cookies and milk bullshit--what a sham! But soon, you stopped resenting it and began playing the game again once a year--pretending to be excited that Santa was flying with his reindeer to your rooftop, smiling and nodding as everyone described how he will soon be slipping his fat ass down the chimney to eat the cookies, yes, yes, all of that is fine and even fun. 

But maybe every now and again you still fantasize and wish you could go back to the state of really believing in jolly ol' Saint Nick. Think about it: what would you do? You'd entice him over with some cheap 99-cent oatmeal cookies, and in exchange, you'd receive the latest iPhone (which you need for the extra pixel). Just picture it: out of his sack, he'd pull your salvation. There you could dunk your awareness entirely into the warm oasis of tiktoks and duck-faced selfies, drool hanging from your chin as you walk through traffic. So what! You'd be free, oblivious as you shuffle in front of the 4,000 pound missile coming at you--as I hit the gas, revving and honking at you to wake up! 

I'm sure there's still a small part of you wishes Santa was real. I still do. No, I sure as hell don't--I just lied to demonstrate how gullible you are. I'm not the least bit interested in having an obese, red-nosed drunkard peeping my every move all year. Just imagine how he is building with anticipation, waiting for that key moment to visit you when you're unconscious. All day, every day, he would be engrossed in your toilet habits, leaning in with red cheeks pressed against binoculars to ensure every detail is branded into memory. It's Christmas Eve, and you're under your covers, relaxed and nearly asleep. And there he is--right at the edge of the chimney, excitement rising to a fever pitch as he knows you're about to finally fall asleep, ass rubbing against the chimney in anticipation of sliding down. Any second now, you could cross that critical threshold into unconsciousness (which is not very far from your normal somnambulic state). Santa's anticipation intensifies--the other ass cheek is over the chimney now, and he radiates orgasm from his ho-ho-hoing alcoholic face (like yours as you shuffle in front of my speeding automobile). At last! The magic moment arrives where he can safely invade your home, drink milk from the glass (a sick thing to do, drink milk), and leave the crumbs and dried milk stains for you to clean up. Then we count down--365 days of privacy invasion until the next home invasion. 

All of this will happen year after year, all on its own. And you take part, even though I'll bet you secretly hate having to take part. You don't actually want to go shopping through a crowded mall, circling for hours looking for a parking space. Fighting tooth and nail for the last Playstation or doll or whatever kind of marketing is deployed to whip your emotions into a frenzy. Stampedes, tramplings, knifings--for the last discounted television (you need one in the kitchen). You don't actually look forward to seeing your stupid drunk in-laws. You haven't talked to them all year, and you honestly don't like them one bit! But you endured the stampedes to bring their kid what he wanted, so everyone is happy. You hate all of this, but you pretend. Why? Because they'll find you repulsive for bringing this psychological split into their awareness. You yourself don't like to go there, but you occasionally do by happenstance, don't you?

But you have a balm for the discomfort created by that accidental awareness of two conflicting personalities: "how commercialized things have become", you say with a frown to give yourself a little boost of self righteousness. You keep going with this disapproval charade: "they got the Christmas decorations out in October. Disgusting!" The person behind me chimes in. I usually nod in approval. I approve of people attempting to connect, no matter how dumb the topic. And if it feels right, I'll talk honestly about my views on this whole Santa business. Occasionally, I see that the split personality dissolves and an emergence of wholeness comes into being. A moment between humans conveys everything all at once, and the recognition of it, just for that instant, is enough. That is the pivotal moment when you decide, even if your not yet fully aware of this decision, to become the truth and beauty you just recognized. That is when everything starts to change, and it's only a matter of time before the awareness of choice becomes clear.
