---
title: Thanksgiving
description: "He reveals a part of himself that is warm and tender"
pubDate: 2026-01-06
category: "story"
tags: ["ripmaster", "rotten"]
---

"Cheese is weird because it reaks like homeless person--and the more it smells like homeless crotch, the more delicious it is!

This realization happened when I opened up the gorgonzola on Thanksgiving....and...I thought it was because the homeless guy's odor molecules--shit particles, gooch oils, noxious fumes and gasses, the mounds of tarter over his rotten teeth and gums, all of it totally inevitable due to the Second Law of Thermodynamics--but the binding energy of that FILTH to the olfactory receptors was....it was incomprehsibly shocking in its capacity to disgust me!

I felt truly the victim of extreme violence--the uncategorized compounds viciously pounding and pounding on my nostrils. I was about to puke right on the Thanksgiving table...but then i realized...it's not the homeless guy I'm smelling--it's the cheese!! Instantly, the vomit reflex transformed into a thousand lawn sprinklers in my mouth (I'm referring to my salivary glands here, metaphorically, you know). And I was so shocked by this paradox that the cracker and cheese detached from my tongue and fell right out of my mouth.

And this motherfucker...he was torturing me because they were out of 64.9 oz pepsi bottles…the store only carried the Pepsi in 64.8 oz bottles--and this was totally unacceptable to him!

How did I end up doing this homeless guy's bidding--being his goddamned butler--in the first place? I made eye contact with him and--i tried not to, but it was like a nervous twitch came over me and my neck turned on its own....before it even finished the turn i knew i was fucked! i was now going to have to do  whatever the fuck he asked…be his servent for however long it took while my friend waited for me in the car. fuck it, there was nothing i could do now! so i just tried to hooked his ass up as efficiently as possible so I could move on! this is why i try not to cross paths with people too often--i'll never get anything done and i'll be totally broke. i'll be the one shuffling with my ass hanging out. He got himself some nice cigars too...the long, thin ones with the cherry flavor. he was going to puff away on those like a friggin boss later on that night!

the haggling of this guy was unlike anything i ever saw in the courtroom or in boardrooms with fucking obnoxious NY CEOS over billion dollar deals back in my early days. he must have read some books, because he was a shrewed motherfucker--knew all the techniques...especially "the person most willing to walk away is the one who has the most power." this guy who inched his way over to me sheepishly in the lot now gave exactly zero fucks!! now, it was not an issue of flavor to him, but it was the flavor to volume ratio, you see...and that 0.1 oz difference just made the Pepsi tantamount to a pile of shit, so Dr. Pepper was the obvious and only choice--so he conceded to drinking the 64 oz doctor pepper. He got angry because I didn't thank him for helping me out by agreeing to drink the totally unappetizing number of ounces! after about 30 minutes of intense arguing--and i was thankful for that, believe me--we moved over to the snack area. he was getting more and more demanding and ballsy...throwing bags of corn nuts, cheetos, pretzels at me and making me read off the metrics--ounces, bbq or no bbq, fritos or generic brand--and he was processing enormous quantities of data in his brain, which was very fascinating from a neuroscience perspective...all the dopamine involved, the circuitry, etc. he got so lost in his computations, he seemed to forget i was there and started arguing with himself. i inched backward slowly to try and escape. eventually, inching sideways like i was on the ledge of a tall building, i made it to the cash register and handed a 20 to the two cashiers to cover whatever his chip decision turned out to be. i had one eye on him the whole time and was safe for the moment--he was still dragging his ass through the aisles talking to himself.

as i was walking out the door, the dumb cashiers informed him of the 20 bucks! he darted over like a fire was lit on his ass and immediately his bossing demeaner amplified. he started demanding the cigars from behind the shelf. He smelled so fucking bad….it hit you like smelling salts or ammonia. He's a human being, though….and it's my favorite thing to be able to do that, so I guess i was grateful that he shuffled up to me. maybe i'm fucked up with a split personality too!

but back to my original point here...the salient point is that he smelled like aged gorgonzola…he should probably take a knife and shave some off his feet and eat it on a cracker like I did. It'll probably taste even better than my gorgonzola. I might even go back there with a cheese grater to shave some off his feet for my pasta. kind of interesting that he aged/degraded into something delicious. maybe I'll come back and pay him another 20 bucks to hand over his foot for a few shavings."

Incredible, how the $20--20cc of the "drug", if you will--grew his bollox in geometric proportion...as soon as he got the news that his net worth was now $20, he had the upper hand! he was no longer open to negotiations about anything--he was pointing at each cigar on the shelf, commanding those two knuckeheads to show him each box and be quick about it!! this walking cheese wedge that shuffled up sheepishly in the parking lot was suddenly pointing and waving his hands around, commanding this and that like a conductor or drill sargaent, but under the influence a potent narcotic/hallucinogen...who the fuck knows what was going on inside his reality.

but in the chaos I managed to slip out the door--fuck the cashiers! he was their problem now! after all, he was the customer and they were indebted to him now by precisely 100% of his total net worth, mind you.  my friend and i watched the scene i created from inside the car and hypothesized--based on what we deduced from his soda reasoning--his cigar decision variables. i conjectured that it was based primarily on the numbers referenced in the volume (not the actual volume itself, since the Dr. Pepper decision was based on a smaller volume, but had a "0" in place of the "8") and that the cigar choice was influenced by the soda choice--it all fit together perfectly in his reality, you see. i saw him begin inching his slippers toward the door with what appeared to be cherry flavored thin cigars in his hand. my friend tried to justify his hypothesis, but i slammed down on the gas and peeled out of there before that old crazy fucker spotted me!"
